---
layout: post
title: post in English
---
  
Development is the flagship journal of the Society for International Development (SID). For more than 50 years it has explored innovative perspectives on the crucial issues in development. It connects research, experience, activism and alternative thinking. Development keeps readers up to date with the challenging issues of today’s rapidly changing world.
Development 58.2/3 on Rural Transformations is on its way!
The forthcoming double issue of Development, which tackles the theme of Rural Transformations, will publish this autumn. Below is a preview of the articles that will comprise this issue. Look out for those already available online!
Rural modernity: An oxymoron or a new vision? by Stefano Prato
Angela Zarro interview with Andrea Ferrante
Declaration of Nyéléni 2015

### THEMATIC SECTION

Can We Still Only Think ‘Rural’? Bridging the rural-urban divide for rural transformation in a globalized world by Bruno Losch
What Future for Rural Areas? Seven plausible rural transformations by Robin Bourgeois
Opportunities and Challenges for ‘Rural Transformation’ in the Emerging Post-2015 Agenda by Bettina Prato
Income Inequalities in Perspective by Vladimir Popov and Jomo Kwame Sundaram
AVAILABLE ONLINE: Understanding and Addressing Inequalities in the Context of Structural Transformation in Africa: A Synthesis of Seven Country Studies by Dzodzi Tsikata
AVAILABLE ONLINE: Agricultural Growth, Poverty and Inequality in Developing Countries by Katsushi S. Imai, Wenya Cheng & Raghav Gaiha
Cities in the rural transformation by Julio Berdegué & Felicity J. Proctor
Small Farms Big Picture: Smallholder agriculture and structural transformation by George Rapsomanikis
AVAILABLE ONLINE: Roles of Rural Areas in Sustainable Food System Transformations by Molly Anderson
The WAW International Typology as a Mechanism to Monitor Agricultural and Rural Transformations by Marie-Aude Even, Matus and Giovannetti
AVAILABLE ONLINE: Learning as We Leap: What We Need to Know about Development in the Context of Rural Transformation by Emily Hogue

#### DIALOGUE

Agroecology as an alternative vision to conventional development and climate-smart agriculture by Michel Pimbert
Seed Sovereignty in Africa: Challenges and opportunities by Mariam Mayet
Agrarian Transformation (s) in Africa – What’s in it for Rural African Women? By Ruth Nyambura
Accountability and the Empowerment of Rural People’s Organizations in Global Rural Transformation by Nora McKeon
